[Workers] alt text for images (#3890)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/tutorials/store-data-with-fauna/index.md

3.  Select the **Classic** [Region Group][fauna-region-groups].
4.  Select **Create**.

![Create your database in Fauna by setting a name and region group](./media/create-database.png)

### Creating the products catalog

Select **New Collection** to create the **Products** collection that stores your inventory documents.

> ![Create your Products collection by following direction above](./media/create-collection.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Create your Products collection by following the directions above](./media/create-collection.png)
```
